Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-flight-scheduler-initial-phase-programming-assignment-6
<br>
You have been asked to develop a Flight Scheduling application for the Fly-By-Night Airline. The Airline has one or more flights per day but they are not by time. Every Flight will be available for each day the airline flies. The customer gets booked on a pecific flight for a specific day. Each Flight has a name and a number of seats on the flight. Each date is just a specific day. The Customer is identified by a single name.This application should have a very nice GUI interface and will be a database driven application. The database used will be Derby. This application must use good Object Oriented Design and Programming. The database must use good Object-Oriented Design and Programming. There is a very close correlation between Object-OrientedDesign and Database Design. Your application design should include at least fourclasses besides the main GUI class, e.g. Flight class, Day class…, Bookings class, etc.Your database accesses should be in the classes that correlate with the database tables.This assignment is the first half of the final project and will be submitted asProgramming Assignment 6. This phase of the project will implement the following user commands:<strong>Book Customer Day Flight</strong>The customer will be assigned the flight for the requested day, if there are seatsavailable. If seats are not available, the customer will be put on the wait list for that flight. The waiting list must be maintained in the order the customers tried to book their flights.Status Flight DayThe Status command for flight and day will display the customers that have beenbooked for that flight on that day.Status Waiting List by DayThe Status command for the Waitlist will display all the customers waiting for flights on the specified day.Database considerations:The Flight Table should be preloaded with several flights such as F101, G102 and the number of seats on the flight. Two seats per flight would be suggested to make testing easier.The Day Table should be preloaded with several days of your choice.The database tables should not contain redundant data, i.e. relevant data shouldonly appear in one table.GUI Guidelines:The user should be required to enter only unknown data. Drop down lists of known data such as Flight names or Days should be displayed for the user to select from. Combo Boxes should be used to categorize data on the form. When information is requested to be displayed e.g. for a Status command, all of the requested information must be displayed. When a command is performed, the results of that command should be displayed to the user without the user needing to check Status to see what was done.